
Use SPELLFMT to  reform  the  currently  edited  CLARKE Spelling Checker MASTER
Dictionary back  into  the  format  expected  by  the  CLARKE  Spelling Checker
(SPELLCHK) after updating it.

SPELLFMT has no operands.

The BIM-EDIT System  Administrator  may  use  the  following procedures (in the
order shown) to add  additional  words  to  the  CLARKE Spelling Checker MASTER
dictionary.   It  is  recommended  that  items  only  be  added  to  the MASTER
dictionary that are  accepted  words  and not slang,  jargon,  abbreviations or
words for informal use.   Any good  dictionary  is  your best guide to accepted
words and in determining preferred, as opposed to common, spellings.

SPELLSEP separates the currently edited MASTER dictionary into a format similar
         to a CLARKE Spelling  Checker USER dictionary.   The MASTER dictionary
         is normally FORMATted into 26  "paragraphs" using columns 2-252 as the
         ZONE.   This is  done  for  search  efficiency  (via  indexing and the
         EXAMINE  command)  due  to  the  large  number  of  words  it normally
         contains.  By contrast, a USER dictionary is normally much smaller and
         is,  therefore,  kept in  a  single-word-per-line format.   The search
         algorithm for this dictionary gets its  efficiency from the use of the
         FIND command which, as opposed to the LOCATE command, keeps its search
         to a single column.

SPELLSRT sorts,  checks for duplication,  counts the words,  and alphabetically
         labels the "paragraphs"  of  the  currently  edited MASTER dictionary.
         New  words  can  be  first  added  (normally  from  one  or  more USER
         dictionaries) and then processed  with  this  procedure to insure they
         are in the correct sequence.   The labels correspond to the letters of
         the alphabet and,  although they  have  the  word count on them,  they
         mainly provide the  stopping  points  for  the  FORMAT  command in the
         SPELLFMT procedure below.

SPELLFMT reforms the currently edited  MASTER  dictionary  back into the normal
         format expected by the  CLARKE Spelling Checker.   Alphabetical labels
         are updated with  the  number  of  lines  in  the  "paragraph" and the
         alphabetical index is built on  the  "total"  label  at the end of the
         MASTER dictionary.

A large document can be "boiled-down"  to  extract the unique words it contains
for the ultimate purpose  of  adding  a  large  number  of  words to the CLARKE
Spelling Checker MASTER  dictionary.   The  resulting  EDIT  session  is in the
format of a pseudo  CLARKE  Spelling  Checker  MASTER  dictionary and should be
properly SPELLCHKed to add  any  new  words  to  a CLARKE Spelling Checker USER
dictionary which may,  in turn,  be manually  added to the real CLARKE Spelling
Checker MASTER dictionary as described above.

The method of "boiling-down" the document  is with the following procedures and
in the order specified.

SPELLSQU "squeezes" out  all  non-alphabetic  characters  and deletes duplicate
         lines (after sorting)  from  the currently edited document.   WARNING:
         this should be a COPY of your document and NOT the original unless you
         are VERY careful not  to  SAVE  the  document after this procedure has
         been used.

After executing SPELLSQU,  execute SPELLSEP  and  then SPELLSRT (both described
above) to finish  the  process.   Note  that  if SPELLSEP terminates abnormally
because of too many lines in  the session,  you may either increase the session
limit or reexecute SPELLSQU  with  the  "RETRY"  option (to eliminate duplicate
words newly separated out by SPELLSEP); however,  in either case, SPELLSEP must
be reexecuted until it is successful before going on to SPELLSRT.

